.\" Copyright (c) 2022, Rafael Santiago
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
.\" LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
.TH BOOJUM_INIT 3 "June 16, 2022" "version 0x20220001" "BOOJUM's API"
.SH NAME
boojum_init \- initializes \fIBoojum\fR memory protection system

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <boojum.h>

.BI
.BI "int boojum_init(const size_t "kupd_timeout_in_msec );
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR boojum_init ()
function initializes the memory protection system. By allocating
and setting up all relevant library's internal data contexts.

It takes as single parameter a value which express in milliseconds
the time interval that the masking keys will be updated.

.SH RETURN VALUE
On success,
.BR boojum_init ()
returns \fIEXIT_SUCCESS\fR, on failure it returns \fIEXIT_FAILURE\fR
or the exact error value defined in \fI<errno.h>\fR.

.SH REMARKS
As best practice, after a well-succeded initialization \fIBoojum\fR's system
must be deinitialized by calling
.BR boojum_deinit ()
function before program exiting.

Successive calls of
.BR boojum_init ()
implicitly deinitializes the previous initialization done by the last
well-succeeded call.

.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.BR boojum_deinit (3)

.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of \fIlibboojum\fR. You can find more information at
\%https://github.com/rafael-santiago/boojum. There you can also find
newest releases, areas for reporting issues besides more technical
discussions.
